c:\users\maximiliano.roldan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Probando\WebApp\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
c:\users\maximiliano.roldan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Probando\WebApp\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
c:\users\maximiliano.roldan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Probando\WebApp\bin\roslyn\csc.exe.config
c:\users\maximiliano.roldan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Probando\WebApp\bin\roslyn\csc.rsp
c:\users\maximiliano.roldan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Probando\WebApp\bin\roslyn\csi.exe
c:\users\maximiliano.roldan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Probando\WebApp\bin\roslyn\csi.rsp
c:\users\maximiliano.roldan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Probando\WebApp\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\maximiliano.roldan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Probando\WebApp\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\users\maximiliano.roldan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Probando\WebApp\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Scripting.dll
c:\users\maximiliano.roldan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Probando\WebApp\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\maximiliano.roldan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Probando\WebApp\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Scripting.dll
c:\users\maximiliano.roldan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Probando\WebApp\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\users\maximiliano.roldan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Probando\WebApp\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
c:\users\maximiliano.roldan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Probando\WebApp\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.DiaSymReader.Native.amd64.dll
c:\users\maximiliano.roldan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Probando\WebApp\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.DiaSymReader.Native.x86.dll
c:\users\maximiliano.roldan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Probando\WebApp\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
c:\users\maximiliano.roldan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Probando\WebApp\bin\roslyn\System.AppContext.dll
c:\users\maximiliano.roldan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Probando\WebApp\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\users\maximiliano.roldan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Probando\WebApp\bin\roslyn\System.Diagnostics.StackTrace.dll
c:\users\maximiliano.roldan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Probando\WebApp\bin\roslyn\System.IO.FileSystem.dll
c:\users\maximiliano.roldan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Probando\WebApp\bin\roslyn\System.IO.FileSystem.Primitives.dll
c:\users\maximiliano.roldan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Probando\WebApp\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\users\maximiliano.roldan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Probando\WebApp\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
c:\users\maximiliano.roldan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Probando\WebApp\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe.config
c:\users\maximiliano.roldan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Probando\WebApp\bin\roslyn\vbc.rsp
c:\users\maximiliano.roldan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Probando\WebApp\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
c:\users\maximiliano.roldan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Probando\WebApp\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
c:\users\maximiliano.roldan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Probando\WebApp\bin\WebApp.dll.config
c:\users\maximiliano.roldan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Probando\WebApp\bin\WebApp.dll
c:\users\maximiliano.roldan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Probando\WebApp\bin\WebApp.pdb
c:\users\maximiliano.roldan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Probando\WebApp\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\maximiliano.roldan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Probando\WebApp\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
c:\users\maximiliano.roldan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Probando\WebApp\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
c:\users\maximiliano.roldan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Probando\WebApp\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
c:\users\maximiliano.roldan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Probando\WebApp\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
c:\users\maximiliano.roldan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Probando\WebApp\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
c:\users\maximiliano.roldan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Probando\WebApp\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
c:\users\maximiliano.roldan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Probando\WebApp\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
c:\users\maximiliano.roldan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Probando\WebApp\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
c:\users\maximiliano.roldan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Probando\WebApp\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\maximiliano.roldan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Probando\WebApp\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\maximiliano.roldan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Probando\WebApp\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\maximiliano.roldan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Probando\WebApp\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\maximiliano.roldan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Probando\WebApp\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\maximiliano.roldan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Probando\WebApp\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\maximiliano.roldan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Probando\WebApp\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\maximiliano.roldan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Probando\WebApp\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\maximiliano.roldan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Probando\WebApp\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\maximiliano.roldan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Probando\WebApp\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\maximiliano.roldan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Probando\WebApp\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\maximiliano.roldan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Probando\WebApp\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\maximiliano.roldan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Probando\WebApp\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\maximiliano.roldan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Probando\WebApp\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
c:\users\maximiliano.roldan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Probando\WebApp\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\maximiliano.roldan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Probando\WebApp\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\maximiliano.roldan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Probando\WebApp\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\maximiliano.roldan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Probando\WebApp\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\maximiliano.roldan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Probando\WebApp\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\maximiliano.roldan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Probando\WebApp\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\maximiliano.roldan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Probando\WebApp\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\maximiliano.roldan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Probando\WebApp\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\maximiliano.roldan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Probando\WebApp\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\maximiliano.roldan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Probando\WebApp\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\maximiliano.roldan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Probando\WebApp\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\maximiliano.roldan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Probando\WebApp\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\maximiliano.roldan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Probando\WebApp\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
c:\users\maximiliano.roldan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Probando\WebApp\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
c:\users\maximiliano.roldan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Probando\WebApp\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
c:\users\maximiliano.roldan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Probando\WebApp\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
c:\users\maximiliano.roldan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Probando\WebApp\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
c:\users\maximiliano.roldan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Probando\WebApp\obj\Debug\WebApp.dll
c:\users\maximiliano.roldan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Probando\WebApp\obj\Debug\WebApp.pdb
C:\Users\maximiliano.roldan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Probando\WebApp\bin\Microsoft.Practices.EnterpriseLibrary.Common.dll
C:\Users\maximiliano.roldan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Probando\WebApp\bin\Microsoft.Practices.EnterpriseLibrary.Data.dll
C:\Users\maximiliano.roldan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Probando\WebApp\bin\Microsoft.Practices.EnterpriseLibrary.Common.xml
C:\Users\maximiliano.roldan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Probando\WebApp\bin\Microsoft.Practices.EnterpriseLibrary.Data.xml
C:\Users\maximiliano.roldan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Probando\WebApp\bin\EstudiosMedicos.Core.dll
C:\Users\maximiliano.roldan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Probando\WebApp\bin\EstudiosMedicos.Services.dll
C:\Users\maximiliano.roldan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Probando\WebApp\bin\Infraestructure.Core.dll
C:\Users\maximiliano.roldan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Probando\WebApp\bin\Infraestructure.Data.dll
C:\Users\maximiliano.roldan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Probando\WebApp\bin\Infraestructure.Common.dll
C:\Users\maximiliano.roldan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Probando\WebApp\bin\EstudiosMedicos.Core.pdb
C:\Users\maximiliano.roldan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Probando\WebApp\bin\EstudiosMedicos.Services.pdb
C:\Users\maximiliano.roldan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Probando\WebApp\bin\Infraestructure.Core.pdb
C:\Users\maximiliano.roldan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Probando\WebApp\bin\Infraestructure.Data.pdb
C:\Users\maximiliano.roldan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Probando\WebApp\bin\Infraestructure.Common.pdb
C:\Users\maximiliano.roldan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Probando\WebApp\obj\Debug\WebApp.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\maximiliano.roldan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Probando\WebApp\bin\CommonServiceLocator.dll
C:\Users\maximiliano.roldan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Probando\WebApp\bin\EstudiosMedicos.IoC.dll
C:\Users\maximiliano.roldan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Probando\WebApp\bin\Unity.Abstractions.dll
C:\Users\maximiliano.roldan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Probando\WebApp\bin\Unity.Configuration.dll
C:\Users\maximiliano.roldan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Probando\WebApp\bin\Unity.Container.dll
C:\Users\maximiliano.roldan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Probando\WebApp\bin\Unity.Interception.Configuration.dll
C:\Users\maximiliano.roldan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Probando\WebApp\bin\Unity.Interception.dll
C:\Users\maximiliano.roldan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Probando\WebApp\bin\Unity.RegistrationByConvention.dll
C:\Users\maximiliano.roldan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Probando\WebApp\bin\Unity.ServiceLocation.dll
C:\Users\maximiliano.roldan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Probando\WebApp\bin\Unity.WebApi.dll
C:\Users\maximiliano.roldan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Probando\WebApp\bin\EstudiosMedicos.IoC.pdb
C:\Users\maximiliano.roldan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Probando\WebApp\bin\CommonServiceLocator.pdb
C:\Users\maximiliano.roldan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Probando\WebApp\bin\Unity.Abstractions.pdb
C:\Users\maximiliano.roldan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Probando\WebApp\bin\Unity.Configuration.pdb
C:\Users\maximiliano.roldan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Probando\WebApp\bin\Unity.Container.pdb
C:\Users\maximiliano.roldan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Probando\WebApp\bin\Unity.Interception.pdb
C:\Users\maximiliano.roldan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Probando\WebApp\bin\Unity.Interception.Configuration.pdb
C:\Users\maximiliano.roldan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Probando\WebApp\bin\Unity.RegistrationByConvention.pdb
C:\Users\maximiliano.roldan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Probando\WebApp\bin\Unity.ServiceLocation.pdb
C:\Users\maximiliano.roldan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Probando\WebApp\bin\Infraestructure.Services.dll
C:\Users\maximiliano.roldan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Probando\WebApp\bin\Infraestructure.Services.pdb
C:\Users\maximiliano.roldan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Probando\WebApp\bin\EstudiosMedicos.Data.dll
C:\Users\maximiliano.roldan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Probando\WebApp\bin\EstudiosMedicos.Common.dll
C:\Users\maximiliano.roldan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Probando\WebApp\bin\EstudiosMedicos.Data.pdb
C:\Users\maximiliano.roldan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Probando\WebApp\bin\EstudiosMedicos.Common.pdb
C:\Users\maximiliano.roldan\Source\Repos\estudiosMedicos\EstudiosMedicos\WebApp\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
C:\Users\maximiliano.roldan\Source\Repos\estudiosMedicos\EstudiosMedicos\WebApp\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
C:\Users\maximiliano.roldan\Source\Repos\estudiosMedicos\EstudiosMedicos\WebApp\bin\roslyn\csc.exe.config
C:\Users\maximiliano.roldan\Source\Repos\estudiosMedicos\EstudiosMedicos\WebApp\bin\roslyn\csc.rsp
C:\Users\maximiliano.roldan\Source\Repos\estudiosMedicos\EstudiosMedicos\WebApp\bin\roslyn\csi.exe
C:\Users\maximiliano.roldan\Source\Repos\estudiosMedicos\EstudiosMedicos\WebApp\bin\roslyn\csi.rsp
C:\Users\maximiliano.roldan\Source\Repos\estudiosMedicos\EstudiosMedicos\WebApp\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\maximiliano.roldan\Source\Repos\estudiosMedicos\EstudiosMedicos\WebApp\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
C:\Users\maximiliano.roldan\Source\Repos\estudiosMedicos\EstudiosMedicos\WebApp\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Scripting.dll
C:\Users\maximiliano.roldan\Source\Repos\estudiosMedicos\EstudiosMedicos\WebApp\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\maximiliano.roldan\Source\Repos\estudiosMedicos\EstudiosMedicos\WebApp\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Scripting.dll
C:\Users\maximiliano.roldan\Source\Repos\estudiosMedicos\EstudiosMedicos\WebApp\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
C:\Users\maximiliano.roldan\Source\Repos\estudiosMedicos\EstudiosMedicos\WebApp\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
C:\Users\maximiliano.roldan\Source\Repos\estudiosMedicos\EstudiosMedicos\WebApp\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.DiaSymReader.Native.amd64.dll
C:\Users\maximiliano.roldan\Source\Repos\estudiosMedicos\EstudiosMedicos\WebApp\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.DiaSymReader.Native.x86.dll
C:\Users\maximiliano.roldan\Source\Repos\estudiosMedicos\EstudiosMedicos\WebApp\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
C:\Users\maximiliano.roldan\Source\Repos\estudiosMedicos\EstudiosMedicos\WebApp\bin\roslyn\System.AppContext.dll
C:\Users\maximiliano.roldan\Source\Repos\estudiosMedicos\EstudiosMedicos\WebApp\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
C:\Users\maximiliano.roldan\Source\Repos\estudiosMedicos\EstudiosMedicos\WebApp\bin\roslyn\System.Diagnostics.StackTrace.dll
C:\Users\maximiliano.roldan\Source\Repos\estudiosMedicos\EstudiosMedicos\WebApp\bin\roslyn\System.IO.FileSystem.dll
C:\Users\maximiliano.roldan\Source\Repos\estudiosMedicos\EstudiosMedicos\WebApp\bin\roslyn\System.IO.FileSystem.Primitives.dll
C:\Users\maximiliano.roldan\Source\Repos\estudiosMedicos\EstudiosMedicos\WebApp\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
C:\Users\maximiliano.roldan\Source\Repos\estudiosMedicos\EstudiosMedicos\WebApp\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
C:\Users\maximiliano.roldan\Source\Repos\estudiosMedicos\EstudiosMedicos\WebApp\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe.config
C:\Users\maximiliano.roldan\Source\Repos\estudiosMedicos\EstudiosMedicos\WebApp\bin\roslyn\vbc.rsp
C:\Users\maximiliano.roldan\Source\Repos\estudiosMedicos\EstudiosMedicos\WebApp\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
C:\Users\maximiliano.roldan\Source\Repos\estudiosMedicos\EstudiosMedicos\WebApp\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
C:\Users\maximiliano.roldan\Source\Repos\estudiosMedicos\EstudiosMedicos\WebApp\bin\WebApp.dll.config
C:\Users\maximiliano.roldan\Source\Repos\estudiosMedicos\EstudiosMedicos\WebApp\bin\WebApp.dll
C:\Users\maximiliano.roldan\Source\Repos\estudiosMedicos\EstudiosMedicos\WebApp\bin\WebApp.pdb
C:\Users\maximiliano.roldan\Source\Repos\estudiosMedicos\EstudiosMedicos\WebApp\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\maximiliano.roldan\Source\Repos\estudiosMedicos\EstudiosMedicos\WebApp\bin\CommonServiceLocator.dll
C:\Users\maximiliano.roldan\Source\Repos\estudiosMedicos\EstudiosMedicos\WebApp\bin\EstudiosMedicos.Core.dll
C:\Users\maximiliano.roldan\Source\Repos\estudiosMedicos\EstudiosMedicos\WebApp\bin\EstudiosMedicos.IoC.dll
C:\Users\maximiliano.roldan\Source\Repos\estudiosMedicos\EstudiosMedicos\WebApp\bin\EstudiosMedicos.Services.dll
C:\Users\maximiliano.roldan\Source\Repos\estudiosMedicos\EstudiosMedicos\WebApp\bin\Infraestructure.Core.dll
C:\Users\maximiliano.roldan\Source\Repos\estudiosMedicos\EstudiosMedicos\WebApp\bin\Infraestructure.Services.dll
C:\Users\maximiliano.roldan\Source\Repos\estudiosMedicos\EstudiosMedicos\WebApp\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
C:\Users\maximiliano.roldan\Source\Repos\estudiosMedicos\EstudiosMedicos\WebApp\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
C:\Users\maximiliano.roldan\Source\Repos\estudiosMedicos\EstudiosMedicos\WebApp\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
C:\Users\maximiliano.roldan\Source\Repos\estudiosMedicos\EstudiosMedicos\WebApp\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
C:\Users\maximiliano.roldan\Source\Repos\estudiosMedicos\EstudiosMedicos\WebApp\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
C:\Users\maximiliano.roldan\Source\Repos\estudiosMedicos\EstudiosMedicos\WebApp\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
C:\Users\maximiliano.roldan\Source\Repos\estudiosMedicos\EstudiosMedicos\WebApp\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
C:\Users\maximiliano.roldan\Source\Repos\estudiosMedicos\EstudiosMedicos\WebApp\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
C:\Users\maximiliano.roldan\Source\Repos\estudiosMedicos\EstudiosMedicos\WebApp\bin\Microsoft.Practices.EnterpriseLibrary.Common.dll
C:\Users\maximiliano.roldan\Source\Repos\estudiosMedicos\EstudiosMedicos\WebApp\bin\Microsoft.Practices.EnterpriseLibrary.Data.dll
C:\Users\maximiliano.roldan\Source\Repos\estudiosMedicos\EstudiosMedicos\WebApp\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\maximiliano.roldan\Source\Repos\estudiosMedicos\EstudiosMedicos\WebApp\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\maximiliano.roldan\Source\Repos\estudiosMedicos\EstudiosMedicos\WebApp\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\maximiliano.roldan\Source\Repos\estudiosMedicos\EstudiosMedicos\WebApp\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\maximiliano.roldan\Source\Repos\estudiosMedicos\EstudiosMedicos\WebApp\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\maximiliano.roldan\Source\Repos\estudiosMedicos\EstudiosMedicos\WebApp\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Users\maximiliano.roldan\Source\Repos\estudiosMedicos\EstudiosMedicos\WebApp\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\maximiliano.roldan\Source\Repos\estudiosMedicos\EstudiosMedicos\WebApp\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\maximiliano.roldan\Source\Repos\estudiosMedicos\EstudiosMedicos\WebApp\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\maximiliano.roldan\Source\Repos\estudiosMedicos\EstudiosMedicos\WebApp\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\maximiliano.roldan\Source\Repos\estudiosMedicos\EstudiosMedicos\WebApp\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\maximiliano.roldan\Source\Repos\estudiosMedicos\EstudiosMedicos\WebApp\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\maximiliano.roldan\Source\Repos\estudiosMedicos\EstudiosMedicos\WebApp\bin\Unity.Abstractions.dll
C:\Users\maximiliano.roldan\Source\Repos\estudiosMedicos\EstudiosMedicos\WebApp\bin\Unity.Configuration.dll
C:\Users\maximiliano.roldan\Source\Repos\estudiosMedicos\EstudiosMedicos\WebApp\bin\Unity.Container.dll
C:\Users\maximiliano.roldan\Source\Repos\estudiosMedicos\EstudiosMedicos\WebApp\bin\Unity.Interception.Configuration.dll
C:\Users\maximiliano.roldan\Source\Repos\estudiosMedicos\EstudiosMedicos\WebApp\bin\Unity.Interception.dll
C:\Users\maximiliano.roldan\Source\Repos\estudiosMedicos\EstudiosMedicos\WebApp\bin\Unity.RegistrationByConvention.dll
C:\Users\maximiliano.roldan\Source\Repos\estudiosMedicos\EstudiosMedicos\WebApp\bin\Unity.ServiceLocation.dll
C:\Users\maximiliano.roldan\Source\Repos\estudiosMedicos\EstudiosMedicos\WebApp\bin\Unity.WebApi.dll
C:\Users\maximiliano.roldan\Source\Repos\estudiosMedicos\EstudiosMedicos\WebApp\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\maximiliano.roldan\Source\Repos\estudiosMedicos\EstudiosMedicos\WebApp\bin\EstudiosMedicos.Data.dll
C:\Users\maximiliano.roldan\Source\Repos\estudiosMedicos\EstudiosMedicos\WebApp\bin\Infraestructure.Data.dll
C:\Users\maximiliano.roldan\Source\Repos\estudiosMedicos\EstudiosMedicos\WebApp\bin\EstudiosMedicos.Common.dll
C:\Users\maximiliano.roldan\Source\Repos\estudiosMedicos\EstudiosMedicos\WebApp\bin\Infraestructure.Common.dll
C:\Users\maximiliano.roldan\Source\Repos\estudiosMedicos\EstudiosMedicos\WebApp\bin\EstudiosMedicos.Core.pdb
C:\Users\maximiliano.roldan\Source\Repos\estudiosMedicos\EstudiosMedicos\WebApp\bin\EstudiosMedicos.IoC.pdb
C:\Users\maximiliano.roldan\Source\Repos\estudiosMedicos\EstudiosMedicos\WebApp\bin\EstudiosMedicos.Services.pdb
C:\Users\maximiliano.roldan\Source\Repos\estudiosMedicos\EstudiosMedicos\WebApp\bin\Infraestructure.Core.pdb
C:\Users\maximiliano.roldan\Source\Repos\estudiosMedicos\EstudiosMedicos\WebApp\bin\Infraestructure.Services.pdb
C:\Users\maximiliano.roldan\Source\Repos\estudiosMedicos\EstudiosMedicos\WebApp\bin\CommonServiceLocator.pdb
C:\Users\maximiliano.roldan\Source\Repos\estudiosMedicos\EstudiosMedicos\WebApp\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
C:\Users\maximiliano.roldan\Source\Repos\estudiosMedicos\EstudiosMedicos\WebApp\bin\Microsoft.Practices.EnterpriseLibrary.Common.xml
C:\Users\maximiliano.roldan\Source\Repos\estudiosMedicos\EstudiosMedicos\WebApp\bin\Microsoft.Practices.EnterpriseLibrary.Data.xml
C:\Users\maximiliano.roldan\Source\Repos\estudiosMedicos\EstudiosMedicos\WebApp\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\maximiliano.roldan\Source\Repos\estudiosMedicos\EstudiosMedicos\WebApp\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\maximiliano.roldan\Source\Repos\estudiosMedicos\EstudiosMedicos\WebApp\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\Users\maximiliano.roldan\Source\Repos\estudiosMedicos\EstudiosMedicos\WebApp\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\maximiliano.roldan\Source\Repos\estudiosMedicos\EstudiosMedicos\WebApp\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\maximiliano.roldan\Source\Repos\estudiosMedicos\EstudiosMedicos\WebApp\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\maximiliano.roldan\Source\Repos\estudiosMedicos\EstudiosMedicos\WebApp\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\maximiliano.roldan\Source\Repos\estudiosMedicos\EstudiosMedicos\WebApp\bin\Unity.Abstractions.pdb
C:\Users\maximiliano.roldan\Source\Repos\estudiosMedicos\EstudiosMedicos\WebApp\bin\Unity.Configuration.pdb
C:\Users\maximiliano.roldan\Source\Repos\estudiosMedicos\EstudiosMedicos\WebApp\bin\Unity.Container.pdb
C:\Users\maximiliano.roldan\Source\Repos\estudiosMedicos\EstudiosMedicos\WebApp\bin\Unity.Interception.pdb
C:\Users\maximiliano.roldan\Source\Repos\estudiosMedicos\EstudiosMedicos\WebApp\bin\Unity.Interception.Configuration.pdb
C:\Users\maximiliano.roldan\Source\Repos\estudiosMedicos\EstudiosMedicos\WebApp\bin\Unity.RegistrationByConvention.pdb
C:\Users\maximiliano.roldan\Source\Repos\estudiosMedicos\EstudiosMedicos\WebApp\bin\Unity.ServiceLocation.pdb
C:\Users\maximiliano.roldan\Source\Repos\estudiosMedicos\EstudiosMedicos\WebApp\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
C:\Users\maximiliano.roldan\Source\Repos\estudiosMedicos\EstudiosMedicos\WebApp\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\maximiliano.roldan\Source\Repos\estudiosMedicos\EstudiosMedicos\WebApp\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\maximiliano.roldan\Source\Repos\estudiosMedicos\EstudiosMedicos\WebApp\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\maximiliano.roldan\Source\Repos\estudiosMedicos\EstudiosMedicos\WebApp\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Users\maximiliano.roldan\Source\Repos\estudiosMedicos\EstudiosMedicos\WebApp\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
C:\Users\maximiliano.roldan\Source\Repos\estudiosMedicos\EstudiosMedicos\WebApp\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
C:\Users\maximiliano.roldan\Source\Repos\estudiosMedicos\EstudiosMedicos\WebApp\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
C:\Users\maximiliano.roldan\Source\Repos\estudiosMedicos\EstudiosMedicos\WebApp\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
C:\Users\maximiliano.roldan\Source\Repos\estudiosMedicos\EstudiosMedicos\WebApp\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
C:\Users\maximiliano.roldan\Source\Repos\estudiosMedicos\EstudiosMedicos\WebApp\bin\EstudiosMedicos.Data.pdb
C:\Users\maximiliano.roldan\Source\Repos\estudiosMedicos\EstudiosMedicos\WebApp\bin\Infraestructure.Data.pdb
C:\Users\maximiliano.roldan\Source\Repos\estudiosMedicos\EstudiosMedicos\WebApp\bin\EstudiosMedicos.Common.pdb
C:\Users\maximiliano.roldan\Source\Repos\estudiosMedicos\EstudiosMedicos\WebApp\bin\Infraestructure.Common.pdb
C:\Users\maximiliano.roldan\Source\Repos\estudiosMedicos\EstudiosMedicos\WebApp\obj\Debug\WebApp.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\maximiliano.roldan\Source\Repos\estudiosMedicos\EstudiosMedicos\WebApp\obj\Debug\WebApp.dll
C:\Users\maximiliano.roldan\Source\Repos\estudiosMedicos\EstudiosMedicos\WebApp\obj\Debug\WebApp.pdb
